A 'face-off' in hockey was originally called a 'puck-off'.
At 120 miles per hour, a Formula One car generates so much downforce that it can drive upside down on the roof of a tunnel.
Jean Genevieve Garnerin was the first female parachutists, jumping from a hot air balloon in 1799.
No high jumper has ever been able to stay off the ground for more than one second.
The king of hearts is the only king without a moustache on a standard playing card.
The state sport of Maryland is Jousting.
Babe Ruth wore No 3 because he batted third.
Norway has won the most medals (263) at the Winter Games.
The United States has won more medals (2,189) at the Summer Games than any other country.
Basketball and rugby balls are made from synthetic material; Earlier, pigs’ bladders were used as rugby balls.
Only four athletes have ever won medals at both the Winter and Summer Olympic Games: Eddie Eagan (United States), Jacob Tullin Thams (Norway), Christa Luding-Rothenburger (East Germany), and Clara Hughes (Canada).
The United States Olympic Committee established the U.S Olympic Hall of Fame in 1983 to recognize outstanding American Olympic athletes, however, a plan to build a hall has been suspended due to lack of funding.
A badminton shuttle easily travels 180 km/h (112 mph).
At horse race tracks, the favorite wins fewer than 30% of the time.
From a complete stop, a human is capable of outrunning a Formula One Racecar for about 30 feet.
Kite flying is a professional sport in Thailand.
Nobody has won more medals at the Winter Games than cross-country skier Bjorn Dählie of Norway, who has 12.
The early Olympic Games were celebrated as a religious festival from 776 B.C until 393 A.D., when the games were banned for being a pagan festival (the Olympics celebrated the Greek god Zeus).
The Major League Baseball teams use about 850,000 balls per season.
The Summer Olympic sports are archery, badminton, basketball, beach volleyball, boxing, canoe / kayak, cycling, diving, equestrian, fencing, field hockey, gymnastics, handball, judo, modern pentathlon (shooting, fencing, swimming, show jumping, and running), mountain biking, rowing, sailing, shooting, soccer, swimming, synchronized swimming, table tennis, taekwondo, tennis, track and field, triathlon (swimming, biking, running), volleyball, water polo, weightlifting, and wrestling.
All major league baseball umpires must wear black underwear while on the job.
No country in the Southern Hemisphere has ever hosted a Winter Games.
The Stanley Cup originally was only seven and a half inches high.
Basketball great Wilt Chamberlain never fouled out of a game.
People in nudist colonies play volleyball more than any other sport.
The very first Olympic race, held in 776 BC, was won by Corubus, a chef.
About 42,000 tennis balls are used in the plus-minus 650 matches in the Wimbledon Championship.
Most NASCAR Teams use nitrogen in their tires instead of air.
The record for the most Olympic medals ever won is held by Soviet gymnast Larissa Latynina; Competing in three Olympics, between 1956 and 1964, she won 18 medals.
Bill Klem served the most seasons as major league umpire – 37 years, starting in 1905; He also officiated 18 World Series.
Golf the only sport played on the moon – on 6 February 1971 Alan Shepard hit a golf ball.
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year's supply of footballs.
Pittsburgh is the only city where all major sports teams have the same colors: Black and gold.
The first baseball caps were made of straw.
The household wrench was invented by boxing heavyweight champion Jack Johnson in 1922.
The Winter Olympic sports are alpine skiing, biathlon (cross-country skiing and target shooting), bobsled, cross-country skiing, curling, figure skating, freestyle skiing, ice hocky, luge, Nordic combined (ski jumping and cross-country skiing), skeleton, ski jumping, snowboarding, and speed skating.
Boxing became a legal sport in 1901.
Prior to 1900, prize fights lasted up to 100 rounds.
Three consective strikes in bowling is called a turkey.
A soccer ball is made up of 32 leather panels, held together by 642 stitches.
More than 100 million people hold hunting licenses.
The record for the most major league baseball career innings is held by Cy Young, with 7,356 innings.
A baseball ball has exactly 108 stitches, a cricket ball has between 65 and 70 stitches.
Cheetahs were raced at Romford greyhound stadium in 1937.
Larrisa Latynina, a gymnast from the former Soviet Union, finished her Summer Olympic Games career with 18 total medals—the most in history.
So that's how they cheat - a microwaved baseball will fly farther than a frozen baseball.
The oldest continuous trophy in sports is the America’s Cup; It started in 1851, with Americans winning for a straight 132 years until Australia took the Cup in 1983.
Three continents – Africa, South America, and Antarctica – have never hosted an Olympics.
Ferenc Szisz from Romania, driving a Renault, won the first Formula One Grand Prix held at Le Mans, France in 1906.
The average life span of a major league baseball is 5-7 pitches.
Volleyball was invented by William George Morgan of Holyoke, Massachusetts in 1895.
Football (soccer) is the most attended or watched sport in the world.
The baseball home plate is 17 inches wide.
Gymnasiums were introduced in 900BC and Greek athletes practiced in the nude to the accompaniment of music; They also performed naked at the Olympic Games.
The first instance of global electronic communications took place in 1871 when news of the Derby winner was telegraphed from London to Calcutta in under 5 minutes.
Each year, 30,000 people are seriously injured by exercise equipment.
Sports command the biggest television audiences, led by the summer Olympics, World Cup Football and Formula One racing.
Up until 1994 the Olympics were held every four years; Since then, the Winter and Summer games have alternated every two years.
Fishing is the biggest participant sports in the world.
The average life span of a major league baseball is 5-7 pitches.
When pitched, the average Major League baseball rotates 15 times before being hit.
During WWII, because a lot of players were called to duty, the Pittsburgh Steelers and Philadelphia Eagles combined to become The Steagles.
Speed skater Bonnie Blair has won six medals at the Olympic Winter Games; That's more than any other American athlete.
Tug of War was an Olympic event between 1900 and 1920.
In his time, Michael Schumacher was the highest paid sportsman, ahead of Tiger Woods and Arnold Palmer; (Not including sponsorship endorsements).
The high jump method of jumping head first and landing on the back is called the Fosbury Flop.
In 1910 football teams were penalized 15 yards for an incompleted forward pass.
The first Winter Olympic Games were held in Chamonix, France in 1924.
In 1898, one of the first programs to be broadcasted on radio was a yacht race that took place in British waters.
The first Olympics covered by U.S television was the 1960 Summer Games in Rome by CBS.
In 1975 Junko Tabei from Japan became the first woman to reach the top of Everest.
The five Olympic rings represent the five major regions of the world – Africa, the Americas, Asia, Europe and Oceana, and every national flag in the world includes one of the five colors, which are (from left to right) blue, yellow, black, green, and red.
A record 202 countries participated in the 2004 Olympic Summer Games in Athens.
Left-handed people are better at sports that require good spatial judgment and fast reaction, compared to right-handed individuals.
The practice of identifying baseball players by number was started by the Yankees in 1929.
Host Greece won the most medals (47) at the first Olympic Summer Games in 1896.
The first modern Olympic Games were held in Athens, Greece in 1896; There were 311 male but no female competitors.